#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements_dev.in
#
anyascii==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
astroid==2.3.0
    # via pylint
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   outcome
    #   trio
azure-core==1.30.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   django-storages
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
azure-identity==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
azure-storage-blob==12.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-storages
babel==2.15.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   djangorestframework
beautifulsoup4==4.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
bleach==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
cachetools==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   selenium
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
cryptography==43.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   willow
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pygithub
diff-match-patch==20230430
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-import-export
dj-database-url==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django==3.2.25
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-haystack
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   django-permissionedforms
    #   django-prettyjson
    #   django-storages
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   opencensus-ext-django
    #   wagtail
    #   wagtail-modeltranslation
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-compressor
django-compressor==4.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-debug-toolbar==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
django-extensions==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-filter==23.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
django-haystack==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-import-export==4.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-modelcluster==6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
django-modeltranslation==0.18.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail-modeltranslation
django-permissionedforms==0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
django-prettyjson==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-recaptcha3==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-storages[azure]==1.14.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-taggit==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
django-treebeard==4.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
django-widget-tweaks==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
djangorestframework==3.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
draftjs-exporter==2.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
elasticsearch==6.8.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   wagtail-factories
faker==26.1.0
    # via factory-boy
filetype==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   willow
flake8==3.9.2
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
google-api-core==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   opencensus
google-auth==2.32.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
gunicorn==22.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
h11==0.14.0
    # via wsproto
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   trio
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   azure-storage-blob
isort==4.3.21
    # via pylint
l18n==2021.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
lazy-object-proxy==1.10.0
    # via astroid
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
msal==1.30.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   azure-identity
opencensus==0.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   opencensus-ext-django
opencensus-context==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   opencensus
opencensus-ext-azure==1.1.13
    # via -r requirements.txt
opencensus-ext-django==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via trio
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-haystack
    #   gunicorn
    #   pytest
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pillow-heif
    #   wagtail
pillow-heif==0.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   willow
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   msal-extensions
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.27.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psutil==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via flake8
pygithub==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyjwt[crypto]==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   msal
    #   pygithub
pylint==2.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-django==2.0.15
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via pylint-django
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pygithub
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
pytest==8.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-splinter
    #   pytest-timeout
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-splinter==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
pytest-timeout==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via faker
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   babel
    #   django
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   l18n
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via responses
rcssmin==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-compressor
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   azure-core
    #   django-recaptcha3
    #   google-api-core
    #   msal
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   pygithub
    #   responses
    #   wagtail
responses==0.25.3
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
rjsmin==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-compressor
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
selenium==4.23.1
    # via pytest-splinter
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   astroid
    #   azure-core
    #   bleach
    #   django-prettyjson
    #   html5lib
    #   isodate
    #   l18n
    #   opencensus
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via trio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via pydocstyle
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
splinter==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   pytest-splinter
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements_dev.in
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
standardjson==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-prettyjson
tablib==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-import-export
telepath==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pytest
trio==0.26.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.11.1
    # via selenium
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   pygithub
    #   selenium
urllib3[socks]==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elasticsearch
    #   pygithub
    #   pytest-splinter
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   selenium
    #   splinter
wagtail==5.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail-factories
    #   wagtail-modeltranslation
wagtail-factories==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements_dev.in
wagtail-modeltranslation==0.14.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
wand==0.6.13
    # via -r requirements.txt
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via selenium
whitenoise==6.7.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
willow[heif]==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   wagtail
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   astroid
    #   deprecated
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
