#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
anyascii==0.3.2
    # via wagtail
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via django
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   azure-storage-common
azure-storage-blob==2.1.0
    # via django-storages
azure-storage-common==2.1.0
    # via azure-storage-blob
babel==2.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail
bleach==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
cryptography==41.0.3
    # via azure-storage-common
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via odfpy
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via pygithub
diff-match-patch==20230430
    # via django-import-export
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==3.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-haystack
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   django-permissionedforms
    #   django-prettyjson
    #   django-storages
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   opencensus-ext-django
    #   wagtail
    #   wagtail-modeltranslation
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via django-compressor
django-compressor==4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==22.1
    # via wagtail
django-haystack==3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-import-export==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-modelcluster==6.0
    # via wagtail
django-modeltranslation==0.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail-modeltranslation
django-permissionedforms==0.1
    # via wagtail
django-prettyjson==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-recaptcha3==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages[azure]==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-taggit==3.1.0
    # via wagtail
django-treebeard==4.7
    # via wagtail
django-widget-tweaks==1.4.8
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via wagtail
draftjs-exporter==2.1.7
    # via wagtail
elasticsearch==6.8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
google-api-core==2.11.1
    # via opencensus
google-auth==2.22.0
    # via google-api-core
googleapis-common-protos==1.60.0
    # via google-api-core
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
html5lib==1.1
    # via wagtail
idna==2.10
    # via requests
l18n==2021.3
    # via wagtail
markuppy==1.14
    # via tablib
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via tablib
opencensus==0.11.2
    # via
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   opencensus-ext-django
opencensus-context==0.1.3
    # via opencensus
opencensus-ext-azure==1.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
opencensus-ext-django==0.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via
    #   tablib
    #   wagtail
packaging==23.1
    # via bleach
pillow==9.5.0
    # via wagtail
protobuf==4.24.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
psutil==5.9.5
    # via opencensus-ext-azure
psycopg2-binary==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygithub==1.55
    # via -r requirements.in
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via pygithub
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via pygithub
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via azure-storage-common
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   django
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   djangorestframework
    #   l18n
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via tablib
rcssmin==1.1.0
    # via django-compressor
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   azure-storage-common
    #   django-recaptcha3
    #   google-api-core
    #   opencensus-ext-azure
    #   pygithub
    #   wagtail
rjsmin==1.2.0
    # via django-compressor
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   django-prettyjson
    #   google-auth
    #   html5lib
    #   l18n
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via django
standardjson==0.3.1
    # via django-prettyjson
tablib[html,ods,xls,xlsx,yaml]==3.5.0
    # via django-import-export
telepath==0.3.1
    # via wagtail
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via asgiref
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   google-auth
    #   requests
wagtail==4.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail-modeltranslation
wagtail-modeltranslation==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wand==0.6.6
    # via -r requirements.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
whitenoise==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
willow==1.4.1
    # via wagtail
wrapt==1.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deprecated
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via tablib
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via tablib

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
